# What has been updated?

## Changelog - (Added, Fixed, Removed):

1. Fixed an issue that could be caused with the previous update related to metadata, when someone was having a rake with 0%, it would let them know that they dont have a rake as it should but the stage be completed even without a rake.
2. Fixed an issue that is caused by Icon feature, because of the distance check, the NUI would be displayed even from far distance (the icon distance).
3. Fixed an issue that is caused when having a water bucket attached, it would allow plant actions which is not a huge deal but looks buggy holding a bucket and doing rake or fertilizer actions.
4. Added an extra check for isBusy state when player is filling a bucket.
5. Fixed a label display on plants when they havent been planted with all the required stages, it would display the fertilizer value which is required to be displayed only when all stages have been completed for a plant. 

## Modified Files:

- client/tp-client_main.lua
- client/tp-client_water_source.lua
- server/tp-server_main.lua
- fxmanifest.lua

## How to update?

- You can easily update the modified files by redownloading from the **Cfx.re Portal** and copy-paste on the mentioned directory file paths.
- If new options have been implemented to the configuration file or edited, **DO NOT** copy-paste the new configuration file, otherwise you will get the latest configuration but you will lose all the changes you have made. The proper way updating a configuration file is by finding the new configuration options or the modified ones and do it **manually**.

*Cfx.re Portal **DOES NOT** force-update your configuration file or any files, if it did, you would always lose all the configuration changes you made or would totally break the script, all files are updated or edited manually.*
